Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/22/index.md

- {{domxref("Node.isSupported")}} has been removed ({{bug(801562)}}).
- `Node.setUserData` and `Node.getUserData` has been removed for web content and are deprecated for chrome content ({{bug(842372)}}).
- The {{domxref("Element.attributes")}} property has been moved there from {{domxref("Node")}} as required by the spec ({{bug("844134")}}).

> - The macOS backend for **Ambient Light Events** has been implemented.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Mac OS X backend for **Ambient Light Events** has been implemented.
```
